NAME                        VERSION                 TYPE   
Flask                       2.3.2                   python  
Jinja2                      3.1.2                   python  
MarkupSafe                  2.1.3                   python  
Pillow                      9.5.0                   python  
PyGObject                   3.44.1                  python  
PyYAML                      6.0.1                   python  
Simple Launcher Executable  1.1.0.14                dotnet  
Unidecode                   1.3.6                   python  
Werkzeug                    2.3.7                   python  
alpine-baselayout           3.4.3-r1                apk     
alpine-baselayout-data      3.4.3-r1                apk     
alpine-keys                 2.4-r1                  apk     
alpine-release              3.18.3-r0               apk     
alsa-lib                    1.2.9-r1                apk     
anyio                       3.7.1                   python  
aom-libs                    3.6.1-r0                apk     
apk-tools                   2.14.0-r2               apk     
audioread                   3.0.0                   python  
bash                        5.2.15-r5               apk     
beautifulsoup4              4.12.2                  python  
beetcamp                    0.17.2                  python  
beets                       1.6.0                   python  
beets-extrafiles            0.0.7                   python  
blinker                     1.6.2                   python  
brotli-libs                 1.0.9-r14               apk     
busybox                     1.36.1-r2               apk     
busybox-binsh               1.36.1-r2               apk     
ca-certificates             20230506-r0             apk     
ca-certificates-bundle      20230506-r0             apk     
cairo                       1.17.8-r1               apk     
cairo-gobject               1.17.8-r1               apk     
cdparanoia-libs             10.2-r14                apk     
certifi                     2023.7.22               python  
charset-normalizer          3.2.0                   python  
chromaprint                 1.5.1-r6                apk     
chromaprint-libs            1.5.1-r6                apk     
cjson                       1.7.15-r4               apk     
click                       8.1.7                   python  
confuse                     2.0.1                   python  
coreutils                   9.3-r1                  apk     
curl                        8.2.1-r0                apk     
dbus-libs                   1.14.8-r0               apk     
discogs-client              2.3.0                   python  
eudev-libs                  3.2.11-r8               apk     
expat                       2.5.0-r1                apk     
ffmpeg                      6.0-r15                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavcodec           6.0-r15                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavdevice          6.0-r15                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavfilter          6.0-r15                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavformat          6.0-r15                 apk     
ffmpeg-libavutil            6.0-r15                 apk     
ffmpeg-libpostproc          6.0-r15                 apk     
ffmpeg-libswresample        6.0-r15                 apk     
ffmpeg-libswscale           6.0-r15                 apk     
fftw                        3.3.10-r2               apk     
fftw-double-libs            3.3.10-r2               apk     
fftw-long-double-libs       3.3.10-r2               apk     
fftw-single-libs            3.3.10-r2               apk     
flac                        1.4.3-r0                apk     
flac-libs                   1.4.3-r0                apk     
fontconfig                  2.14.2-r3               apk     
freetype                    2.13.0-r5               apk     
fribidi                     1.0.13-r0               apk     
gdbm                        1.23-r1                 apk     
gdk-pixbuf                  2.42.10-r5              apk     
glib                        2.76.4-r0               apk     
glib-networking             2.76.1-r0               apk     
glslang-libs                1.3.243.0-r1            apk     
gmp                         6.2.1-r3                apk     
gnutls                      3.8.0-r2                apk     
gobject-introspection       1.76.1-r3               apk     
graphene                    1.10.8-r2               apk     
graphite2                   1.3.14-r5               apk     
gsettings-desktop-schemas   44.0-r0                 apk     
gst-plugins-base            1.22.5-r0               apk     
gst-plugins-good            1.22.5-r0               apk     
gstreamer                   1.22.5-r0               apk     
h11                         0.14.0                  python  
harfbuzz                    7.3.0-r0                apk     
httpcore                    0.17.3                  python  
httpx                       0.24.1                  python  
hwdata-pci                  0.370-r0                apk     
idna                        3.4                     python  
itsdangerous                2.1.2                   python  
jack                        1.9.22-r4               apk     
jellyfish                   1.0.0                   python  
jpeg                        9e-r1                   apk     
jq                          1.6-r3                  apk     
lame                        3.100-r5                apk     
lame-libs                   3.100-r5                apk     
lcms2                       2.15-r2                 apk     
libacl                      2.3.1-r3                apk     
libass                      0.17.1-r0               apk     
libasyncns                  0.8-r1                  apk     
libattr                     2.5.1-r4                apk     
libavc1394                  0.5.4-r3                apk     
libblkid                    2.38.1-r8               apk     
libbluray                   1.3.4-r0                apk     
libbsd                      0.11.7-r1               apk     
libbz2                      1.0.8-r5                apk     
libc-utils                  0.7.2-r5                apk     
libcaca                     0.99_beta20-r0          apk     
libcap2                     2.69-r0                 apk     
libcrypto3                  3.1.2-r0                apk     
libcurl                     8.2.1-r0                apk     
libdav1d                    1.2.1-r0                apk     
libdrm                      2.4.115-r4              apk     
libdv                       1.0.0-r7                apk     
libexpat                    2.5.0-r1                apk     
libffi                      3.4.4-r2                apk     
libgcc                      12.2.1_git20220924-r10  apk     
libgomp                     12.2.1_git20220924-r10  apk     
libgudev                    237-r1                  apk     
libhwy                      1.0.4-r1                apk     
libidn2                     2.3.4-r1                apk     
libiec61883                 1.2.0-r3                apk     
libintl                     0.21.1-r7               apk     
libjpeg-turbo               2.1.5.1-r3              apk     
libjpeg-turbo-utils         2.1.5.1-r3              apk     
libjxl                      0.8.2-r0                apk     
libltdl                     2.4.7-r2                apk     
libmd                       1.0.4-r2                apk     
libmount                    2.38.1-r8               apk     
libncursesw                 6.4_p20230506-r0        apk     
libogg                      1.3.5-r4                apk     
libopenmpt                  0.7.2-r0                apk     
libpanelw                   6.4_p20230506-r0        apk     
libpciaccess                0.17-r2                 apk     
libplacebo                  5.264.1-r1              apk     
libpng                      1.6.39-r3               apk     
libproc2                    4.0.3-r1                apk     
libproxy                    0.4.18-r2               apk     
libpsl                      0.21.2-r0               apk     
libpulse                    16.1-r10                apk     
libraw1394                  2.1.2-r4                apk     
librist                     0.2.7-r0                apk     
libsamplerate               0.2.2-r2                apk     
libshout                    2.4.6-r2                apk     
libsndfile                  1.2.0-r2                apk     
libsodium                   1.0.18-r3               apk     
libsoup3                    3.4.2-r0                apk     
libsrt                      1.5.2-r0                apk     
libssh                      0.10.5-r0               apk     
libssl3                     3.1.2-r0                apk     
libstdc++                   12.2.1_git20220924-r10  apk     
libtasn1                    4.19.0-r1               apk     
libtheora                   1.1.1-r17               apk     
libunibreak                 5.1-r0                  apk     
libunistring                1.1-r1                  apk     
libva                       2.18.0-r1               apk     
libvdpau                    1.5-r1                  apk     
libvorbis                   1.3.7-r1                apk     
libvpx                      1.13.0-r1               apk     
libwebp                     1.3.1-r0                apk     
libx11                      1.8.4-r4                apk     
libxau                      1.0.11-r2               apk     
libxcb                      1.15-r1                 apk     
libxdamage                  1.1.6-r2                apk     
libxdmcp                    1.1.4-r2                apk     
libxext                     1.3.5-r2                apk     
libxfixes                   6.0.1-r2                apk     
libxft                      2.3.8-r1                apk     
libxi                       1.8.1-r0                apk     
libxml2                     2.11.4-r0               apk     
libxrender                  0.9.11-r3               apk     
libxshmfence                1.3.2-r2                apk     
libxv                       1.0.12-r3               apk     
libxxf86vm                  1.1.5-r3                apk     
libzmq                      4.3.4-r4                apk     
linux-pam                   1.5.2-r10               apk     
mbedtls                     2.28.4-r0               apk     
mediafile                   0.12.0                  python  
mesa                        23.0.4-r0               apk     
mesa-egl                    23.0.4-r0               apk     
mesa-gbm                    23.0.4-r0               apk     
mesa-gl                     23.0.4-r0               apk     
mesa-glapi                  23.0.4-r0               apk     
mpdecimal                   2.5.1-r2                apk     
mpg123                      1.31.3-r1               apk     
mpg123-libs                 1.31.3-r1               apk     
munkres                     1.1.4                   python  
musicbrainzngs              0.7.1                   python  
musl                        1.2.4-r1                apk     
musl-utils                  1.2.4-r1                apk     
mutagen                     1.46.0                  python  
nano                        7.2-r1                  apk     
ncurses-terminfo-base       6.4_p20230506-r0        apk     
netcat-openbsd              1.219-r1                apk     
nettle                      3.8.1-r2                apk     
nghttp2-libs                1.55.1-r0               apk     
numactl                     2.0.16-r4               apk     
oauthlib                    3.2.2                   python  
onevpl-libs                 2023.2.1-r0             apk     
oniguruma                   6.9.8-r1                apk     
openjpeg                    2.5.0-r3                apk     
opus                        1.4-r0                  apk     
orc                         0.4.34-r0               apk     
ordered-set                 4.1.0                   python  
p11-kit                     0.24.1-r2               apk     
pango                       1.50.14-r1              apk     
pcre2                       10.42-r1                apk     
pip                         23.2.1                  python  
pixman                      0.42.2-r1               apk     
pkgconf                     1.9.5-r0                apk     
procps-ng                   4.0.3-r1                apk     
pyacoustid                  1.2.2                   python  
pyc                         0.1-r0                  apk     
pycairo                     1.24.0                  python  
pycountry                   22.3.5                  python  
pylast                      5.2.0                   python  
python3                     3.11.4-r0               apk     
python3-pyc                 3.11.4-r0               apk     
python3-pycache-pyc0        3.11.4-r0               apk     
readline                    8.2.1-r1                apk     
requests                    2.31.0                  python  
requests-oauthlib           1.3.1                   python  
scanelf                     1.3.7-r1                apk     
sdl2                        2.26.5-r0               apk     
setuptools                  65.5.0                  python  
shaderc                     2023.3-r1               apk     
shadow                      4.13-r4                 apk     
shared-mime-info            2.2-r5                  apk     
six                         1.16.0                  python  
skalibs                     2.13.1.1-r1             apk     
sniffio                     1.3.0                   python  
soupsieve                   2.4.1                   python  
soxr                        0.1.3-r5                apk     
speex                       1.2.1-r1                apk     
speexdsp                    1.2.1-r1                apk     
spirv-tools                 1.3.243.0-r1            apk     
sqlite-libs                 3.41.2-r2               apk     
ssl_client                  1.36.1-r2               apk     
svt-av1-libs                1.6.0-r0                apk     
taglib                      1.13.1-r0               apk     
tdb-libs                    1.4.8-r1                apk     
tiff                        4.5.1-r0                apk     
tzdata                      2023c-r1                apk     
urllib3                     2.0.4                   python  
utmps-libs                  0.1.2.1-r1              apk     
v4l-utils-libs              1.24.1-r0               apk     
vidstab                     1.1.1-r0                apk     
vulkan-loader               1.3.243.0-r1            apk     
wavpack                     5.6.0-r0                apk     
wayland-libs-client         1.22.0-r2               apk     
wayland-libs-cursor         1.22.0-r2               apk     
wayland-libs-egl            1.22.0-r2               apk     
wayland-libs-server         1.22.0-r2               apk     
wheel                       0.41.1                  python  
x264-libs                   0.164_git20220602-r1    apk     
x265-libs                   3.5-r4                  apk     
xvidcore                    1.3.7-r1                apk     
xz-libs                     5.4.3-r0                apk     
zimg                        3.0.5-r0                apk     
zlib                        1.2.13-r1               apk     
zstd-libs                   1.5.5-r4                apk     
